:FC-817: :memo: consumer step up event (#1442)
LivePersonInc/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/DevelopingwithFaaS/events-templates.md

|Messaging Conversation Routing|Triggered when the conversation is transferred to a different skill.<br/> For more details on how to set up a function like this one, please see details [here](liveperson-functions-integrations-messaging-conversations.html).|Conversational Exchange Service (Messaging Auto Messages)|1|
|Messaging Line in Off-Hours|Triggered when a conversation was *opened* during office-hours, but a new consumer line in the conversation is *written* during off-hours (essentially when a consumer sends an off-hour message). <br/> For more details on how to set up a function like this one, please see details [here](liveperson-functions-integrations-messaging-conversations.html).|Conversational Exchange Service (Messaging Auto Messages)|1|

> |Messaging Consumer Step Up|Triggered when a consumer does a step up, when they create a conversation without first authenticating, but then authenticate.<br/>For more details on how to set up a function like this one, please see details [here](liveperson-functions-integrations-messaging-conversations.html).|ControllerBot|1|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Messaging Consumer Step Up|Triggered when a consumer step up occurs, i.e. when a participant authenticates themselves during a conversation.<br/>For more details on how to set up a function like this one, please see details [here](liveperson-functions-integrations-messaging-conversations.html).|ControllerBot|1|
```
